Clarifying the motivation needed only for concesus work in wg for existing specifications (#197)
quicwg/wg-materials: charter/charter.md

- Maintenance and evolution of the existing QUIC extensions specified
  by the WG.

> WG adoption of maintenance and evolution work for the QUIC base specifications needs to be strongly motivated by

Reviewer: Trying to capture @LPardue's suggestion:
```suggestion
WG adoption of work items falling into this first area of work needs to be strongly motivated by
```

Author: this is good, as the first area of work has base specifications and extensions (two bullets above this line).

Reviewer 2: Works for me

> The working group adoption of maintenance and evolution work for QUIC base specifications needs to be strongly motivated by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WG adoption of maintenance and evolution work for the QUIC base specifications needs to be strongly motivated by
```

Author: modifications LGTM. thanks.

Reviewer 2: I think we want apply the same criteria to the base drafts or any adopted extensions.

Author: if these are two cases to cover then I would rather add "or any adopted extensions" to the sentence. This will clarify the scope of the intention here.
